we're on all righty
hello world of the internet welcome to
the Monday 19th August 2019
and developer UX task force Tiger team
group
I am Jesse your unofficial co-host for
today's endeavor if you would like to
follow along with this at a later date
please do so in the meeting notes that
are available on the calendar invitation
or in our repo array if y'all want to
add your names as I see some of the
participants doing the participants list
that would be magnificent and then I
think I don't have any outstanding
overarching staff does anyone else have
anything other than mourning the sad
losses here though at the end of the
week to move on to bigger better things
that we wish to not better just
different in the grand and ridiculous
tradition of PL I'm not gonna ask
anybody to sing but let's all y'all take
off your take off your mutes and like
clap and stuff so yeah cry loudly well I
decapitated unicorn I mean like it's
fashion right so yeah I don't have
anybody who updated the okay ours
the mid-quarter scoring actually I'll
toss that into this agenda as well while
we're talking just for the sake of
friends and permanent records and stuff
so I guess the first one of these is
mine content on it so unfortunately like
doing the results analysis and this is
going to be prioritised event due to
having lost portion and meaning
I did however go through the vast number
of candidates for the file which I'll
get to in a sec so that's good but I do
have it on my on my radar it's as soon
as I could get around to it to look
through the audit document that we've
inherited and sift through for some
results gathering some next steps and
stuff like that
it's not something that demands any sort
of super skill powers that I possess so
if anybody else wants to get in on this
party that could actually also be a fun
collaborative exercise um if that could
be something if we wanted to actually
just like group and discuss on one of
these days that would also be quite cool
it's if our schedules permit so maybe
noodle over that and we can think about
maybe maybe whether we want to take that
approach Docs app form features
inventory I know that where does does
anybody have any um any feedback on this
other than the fact that like I just
keep seeing like how can be notes have
been changed as we've been adding things
to to the futures list I know Eric you
added something about accessibility this
morning I think this is just for
continuing to plug away on that anyone
has anything else this is probably like
it as I say we're collecting the
inventory and once we know more then
we'll look at that it's a big order
review so we'll just keep keep in check
and keep coming back to it okay
I mean our idea was to assemble and I
think we should do a ranking exercise
definitely you know as we get closer to
the end of the quarter and time marks
like let's make sure we have all our
thoughts and their money into the
quarter that we can that we can rank and
prioritize close to the end if that
sounds like a good plan for everybody
yeah absolutely because we can't deliver
all at once but the dream is there so I
think what would be helpful now is
probably linking that document in to
this URL so it's neck yeah Eric do you
have that URL handy since you were you
promised I'll have that window open from
this morning
yeah let's drop it in afterwards we can
come back to this and I think cool yeah
these patients limits time all right
Chris that's you
oh yes the the documentation platform so
I didn't get as much time as I'd hoped
last week to really dig into this but I
have managed to take a stab at moving
two parts from from the original
Corcoran documentation into doctorís so
I've managed to get a v1 and v2 Alpha
branch running with some base
documentation why don't I show you the
screen so you can see some things
because we like pixels right so you move
over so I'll skip over that one for now
so current documentation site so I just
looked at the see if we could migrate
basically the entire documentation tree
from this current repo into what would
be a document source v1 and managed to
do that pretty easily so this would be
the rough layout of what that would be
so far and then you end up with your
table contents navigation on the right
side not sure whether how much more we
customized all this yet so this is just
very simple sort of like skinning
exercise together in some some weird
things that I don't take you know
whether we can override yeah about
doctor services is basically an entire
website platform with embedded
documentation and blogging built in so
you end up with a home page that you we
are really and realistically not going
to be using because we obviously have a
separate website to it so I've been
doing some research to try and figure
out whether or not we can essentially
either just reboot or disable that part
if we want to just take advantage of the
many features that we get for free with
doggy tourists and then started to spin
up the to branch which is this is
basically the current layout for what
would be
volcasaurus v2y of course you get
another high light at night dog mode
which is now very trendy right now I'm
also very good for insight accessibility
when I read it very very late at night
so this I haven't used or put any of the
ipfs branding on content in yet I'm just
trying to get it get it loaded side by
side to see whether or not we can create
if we do decide to go for a donkey Soros
platform how easy it will be to port
some of the content we put into this
across to a v2 because it's essentially
a full rewrite of the platform so
there's got me a lot of breaking changes
so it seems a bit fruitless to make that
big effort right now migrate into a v1
and then have another big push later on
so yeah we're getting somewhere with
that just reading through some the
technical specs as you say they've got
the disclaimer saying this is currently
in alpha and yeah if you expected to
create production ready then you should
use donkey one and we know we like we
like running on else's it's fine we can
we can do it for a bit so depending on
the time scales for how we will be
delivering this platform along with
features and then with the price list
then we'll start to make them or plan C
with overlaps with us taking a risk of
going towards just working with the two
branch and or whether we can create some
of those pieces or create some of the
the deliver about of that ourselves in a
different platform so that's currently
where we are still adding new things
into here as I find them and another one
I discovered the day was this TV doctor
by I guess and it's it's a bit more
basic but it's also got a very nice sort
of flying search index so you can
actually do this offline and after
exploring some of the feature upcoming
features in Dhaka soros is also one of
the top priority features is offline
search as well so I think there's gonna
be a lot of things coming this way and
it might be it might make sense for us
to prioritize to contribute towards the
project itself so but my plan is really
this week to as I've written in here
it's a focus mainly from tomorrow to
Thursday on trying to
some of the build here I'd see what the
limitations are what it's actually like
to deploy and whether or not we can we
can still get a baseline feature set and
deliverables with the current form
that's there now so to be continued but
I hope to have a better conclusion
within this week while I'm here should I
quickly mention the other PR which is
the quiz that we've been working on so
this is essentially ready for review now
the new homepage that's kind of if
they're show you how it works called a
content in that was populated from last
week this now has event tracking all the
way through from the funnels from
getting started through to whichever
selection you make and then we can start
to define basically what what bucket we
expecting people to kind of self select
into and there's new profiles set up for
that there's a Google web search console
to log in so we can start to monitor
those pieces what my one major request
here is just to basically get your hands
on and play with it make sure you're
okay with the language and the copy that
we've selected so far and then we'll do
a little bit of testing just to make
sure it's okay and I think we can we can
probably push this out very soon and
maybe later this week if everyone's
happy and continue to iterate on that as
well and so that is where I'm up to so
far
oh yes sorry if I missed hands I
couldn't it's quite I don't really
understand what the development process
is right now it seems to be people are
chipping away at hoc there's no real
fixed timeline and roadmap and there's
certainly no okay I can find so far so I
mean maybe I need to dig a bit deeper
find out where they're actually
everyone's communicating so there's that
like the blog post is kind of stale and
they're being posted updated since last
year so um there I think there's some
hope I can see activity on github which
is reassuring and
now four released 26 days ago so there
is still things in progress is just I'm
not really sure how smart way is and be
honest like the the full feature release
is more of a like for like replacement
of what's currently there we may not
need all those feet that feature parity
to start with so it could be that
actually it does what we want better
than the current version to start with
and then we've got this progressive
roadmap to say actually when we need to
turn these things on we can defeat the
biggest biggest bonuses are the team
ability and the plug ability of the
current new version is way better and
entering into Gratz integrates with MDX
as well so you can do reactions but it's
more shiny no no it's fine like this is
actually just running localhost so I
think the first way to do this would be
to basically publish the repo into some
maybe somewhere public but we want to
put it on to the scrapyard yet I think
if we can round up later on this week
then I come with a plan for how I can
get people in volcanic a feedback and I
want to make sure that they were able to
regarding the quiz awesome thank you
that looks amazing I think this is a
good time to if if I am very loath to
delay anything getting live but I think
it would behoove us to
yeah there's some kind of a group ad hoc
official virtual in real life whatever
of testers so it looks like it's in a
pretty testable form right now just in
terms of just standard usability stuff
and what do people expect and what are
these four things mean to you and
something else what would you expect to
see when clicking something else and
I've I've had no response from usability
calm so which is weird just an automated
one so I am very open to moving on to
any one and Jessica you had good
thoughts about you know engaging just
ipfs users if that could be done quickly
and I like just hey raise your hand
click click a thumbs up on this on this
comment if you want to if you want to
help us test and then BOOM
tomorrow you know the next day whatever
we just we do a round robin with a few
people at PL to start with and if we I
don't have any ones interested but we
could and see if we can work a few
people in just do that internal one and
then well yeah danger of using internal
and and in fact using you know ipfs
users is is putting you know guide
guardrails on on their comments and on
in now they could have an incredibly
rich you know they could be an
incredibly rich font of of comments and
wisdom but we need to just get really
specific usability related notes I think
there's going to be what gets us to
launch would be that we actually we
actually ship the same because that is a
a sort of protest for our percent of
validation as well which is another
thing that we want to talk about testing
with the wider community
my suggestion really we actually ship
the thing and we post to discourse
singing hey as you may or may not be
aware we're working on revamping Doc's
this is a very this is a very initial
first step of things that are going to
follow please click through to this
leave the thoughts in the forum we can
engage depending on you know we'll have
to set ourselves up for trolling clearly
but but also to if we want to do
one-on-one longer conversations with
folks who respond in this course that
also gives us a means of contacting them
and setting up to some quick calls Chris
I can yeah I'd agree with that actually
it's kind of reminded me that there's
one ask I had from from the quiz which
is for basically scoping for additional
feedback whether I think we should
create a new thread in the help forum to
say that you know anything else please
go here so the last option on the quiz
will basically direct people there and
so the last decision to be made is
whether or not we choose to direct
people to initially issue issue queue
and/or to the discourse forum and I've
written a comment in the current thread
just explained like what my thoughts are
around that whether or not we create a
bit of a barrier to entry by pushing
them to the forum if they don't have
accounts etc um so yeah I wondered they
want to take up all the call but maybe
we should write up about that afterwards
I would I would disagree with you
Jessica and I think that I think the
usability issues our way there on earn a
degree is different from the kind of
things we're trying to learn from the
test and having a just freeform feedback
is is not going to give us really it's
not going to tend to give us the useful
kind of information that will help us
make the quiz results really actionable
i testing there's a must for everything
we do and I'm totally sick of it of it
not happening at all in ipfs I think
that you know if you troll around ipfs
PRS it's it's remarkable people put this
as soapbox time I won't take more than a
minute but the tendency is because
people have the a lot of these these
people have amazing minds and they can
actually make that the thing that they
think of that they that they concoct and
so they they do it and it's actually
built and the first time it's put out in
front of anyone is often when it's a PR
um as opposed you know and so thing I
think a lot of time is wasted and and
things get launched because people don't
have time to review and they're just
like yeah it looks good it feels a
little incrementally better maybe and
consequently it the the it's not really
volitional in general and it's not it's
not at the end of the day user-centered
it's it's the developer's idea of a
user-centered if we're not good if
you're not getting anything from
usability front from usertesting.com I'm
just saying that we've got a ready user
base available in the forum's I'm not
saying to get a completely free forum
discussion we can ask them very specific
questions on depending on how we how we
phrase the discuss topic and then
actually I mean we could link them out
to a survey in the discuss topic or so
forth where we're asking them very
specific questions but I think in terms
of actually getting ahold of the people
that you're going to cast that is our
quickest win at this point and
considering that you're we're all
extremely short on time I would say
using that as these are people who have
widely varying familiarity with IPs you
know if you've been looking on the
forums you can see the range of
knowledge is all over the map and as an
initial testbed for something like this
yeah that kids is pretty far but exactly
right we should we should more formula
run dimension about their questions that
we're asking but also give them the
option to if people if people do when I
have some more freeform discussion that
gives us folks that we can contact later
to talk about there some azimuth as well
does that make more sense yeah I mean my
assumption would be that if the goal is
to do individual interviews with them
you don't want them to look at the thing
before you get on the call with them so
that your first thing would be to say
hey does anybody want to get on a call
and do this interview with Eric or
whoever wants to conduct them as locking
doors having them see it for the first
time there that's fine but that is gonna
blow out our schedule into another four
to six weeks before we actually launch
the quiz and I think I will I would push
back on that four to six weeks and I
think we can do eight or ten I can do a
day of of walking people through hey
share your screen blah blah blah
for the sake of for the sake of keeping
us on task we should table this for for
an additional meeting there yep so Eric
do you want to schedule that meeting for
for later on in the week so that we can
make sure I you know ideally probably
tomorrow so that we can get talking
about this this might also be worth
Chris presenting on the design crawl on
Wednesday because there are a few people
there who aren't here who might have
suggestions for us yeah I'm very open
today saying I would in my mind set a
deadline for where we're gonna put this
life and it's gonna go live regardless
of what that state and then we'll just
keep all this feedback incoming and keep
iterating on him moving forward so that
way we don't delay but we also we also
create bit of space to have some input
and
yeah let's let's continue down the list
Harry
yeah we're plugging away our biggest
thing that we've been working on is
still the countly so we've done a few
things including fixing the domain so
now if you're using an explorer and you
have the like no cross site tracking
thing clicked which is the default it
will work we're working through a little
buggy thing right now
the Yogo is trying to figure out what's
going on so that we can merge our PR
that has the event tracking which we've
talked about in the past
Gayla also set it up so we so when we're
testing it's not going to affect the
real results we have like a test account
for the metrics and a real one and it
knows whether you're on localhost
basically as it does that and then we
started a brainstorming doc one of the
tasks that I hope to get to this quarter
is just taking a quick survey of other
online coding platforms and what they're
using under the hood just in case
there's a solution out there that would
work with ipfs validation that's like
more fully featured so that we can just
make a no go like yes we need to keep it
in our own custom solution or no we
could integrate an existing thing so
there's a Google Doc there if anyone
wants to throw ideas in I won't be
getting started on that for a while
because it's lower priority and then
some other pieces and then I also
started adding some kind of pedagogical
tips for tutorial authors so I think
that's the bulk of the latest stuff is
there something else that I missed you
though
I don't know yeah that's the bulk of it
the highest priority yeah and do girls
gonna be knocking out a lot of stuff
from her if she queue before he leaves
so finishing up the count lay and then
knocking out a bunch of different things
that we have that aren't in the okay
ours directly but our things that have
been sitting in our in our bugs all that
kind of under the hood stuff that we can
crank out yeah some housecleaning great
I think that we use yeah I did list the
fixes that we were able to implement in
the last week in the meaning document
hiring continues for the sake of
confidentiality of candidates I won't
get into discussion in this meeting but
things are progressing it is still
taking up a vast amount of time
unfortunately we are starting to I'm
starting to move through the folks who
had applying for the final point docs
role and if obviously some of those
folks proved fruitful we can talk about
the possibilities as appropriate of
considering people for both roles and
then additionally we're having a meeting
on Wednesday to talk through the
personae and to brainstorm ideas for
testing for that anybody else have
anything that I miss the one thing I
forgot to mention is we finish up our
mid quarter scoring for proto school so
it's much like I kind of split things
out into docks related and non docks
related as I looked at it and we've been
hitting the docks tougher so we look
much better when we just look at that
then when we look at not stuff we're
lagging behind and we don't expect with
you know having our capacity at the end
of this week we don't expect to get
through the proto school stuff and I am
very open to external contributors so
anyone should feel free to reach out if
they would like to help do any personal
stuff
awesome and the link to your to your she
is within the main okay our score sheet
which is at the very top of the nerds
for this document um fantastic we should
be able to wrap up on time then Eric
thank you for scheduling that meeting
about putting together any formal tests
man you are out on Wednesday so yeah if
we can if we can chat about that on
Tuesday and start putting it that into
place
that's probably ought to be ought to be
a priority for this week so that we can
actually get this thing launched on time
so um Terry and River vacation next week
in is anybody anybody else anything else
we need to I think we're good okay Terry
thank you so much for uploading the
YouTube video thank you all very much we
shall see you next week same time same
station thank you